New Docker build configuration (#811)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/developer-guide/advanced-usage/docker.md

setting the `copy_files` attribute on the Docker configuration to `False`:
```python
docker_config = DockerConfiguration(copy_files=False)

@pipeline(docker_configuration=docker_config)
def my_pipeline(...):
    ...
```

{% hint style="warning" %}
This is an advanced feature and will most likely break your pipelines. If you use this,
you're on your own and need to copy all the necessary files to the correct paths yourself.
{% endhint %}

#### Don't include the stack configuration

If you want to prevent ZenML from copying the configuration of your active stack,
you can do so by setting the `copy_profile` attribute on the Docker configuration to `False`:
```python
docker_config = DockerConfiguration(copy_profile=False)

@pipeline(docker_configuration=docker_config)
def my_pipeline(...):
    ...
```

{% hint style="warning" %}
This is an advanced feature and will most likely break your pipelines. If you use this,
you're on your own and need to copy a stack configuration to the correct path yourself.
{% endhint %}

### How to install additional pip dependencies

By default, ZenML will automatically install all the packages required by your

> active ZenML stack. There are however many additional ways in which you can specify

Reviewer: ```suggestion
active ZenML stack. There are, however, various ways in which you can specify
```
